T: "Another question is very China-specific.You know, in China, filial piety is the essence of our 5000 year culture. Which means, you have to be very obedient to your parents. Listen to them. Bonded with them. But with the transition of time, right now in the modern society, many of the old concepts doesn't work anymore. But I see many people are still attached to their parents and entangled with their parents, which will impact their welfare, happiness and independency. Can you share some lights on this?"

S: "I don't think filial piety has been the way of life for 5000 years. It can not be in any society. Maybe, it has been there for the last, maybe a few hundreds of years. I would say that is the downfall of a society. Maybe China which was a great culture one time, went down, mainly beacause of this filial piety. Because what this means is, obedience is odd, obedience means there is an authority. It maybe a parent, it maybe a priest, it maybe a god, or it maybe a scripture. Whatever the authority says must be right, this will destory human intelligence. If you make authority the truth, then everything is destroyed. Truth should be the only authority. The next generation, should do something that we could not imagine possible. Only then, it is fruitful to have the next generation. If the next generation is going to take instructions from us on all levels, and do only what we want. Then it's a meaningless next generation, there is nothing next about it. It is just the graveryard of the past popping up in the future, which is a waste of life. We produce the next generation because we believe it's a new possibility. If it's not a new possibility, it just takes instructions from the old, then is's a no-good new generation. And those because of their authoritative nature, who could not earn the necessary love and affection from their children. Love, affection, respect must be earned, must never be demanded. The moment you demand it, it becomes ugly. So at least in the parent-child relationship, it's important that respect, love and affection, one must earn. If you simply demand it, you will become an authority. If you are an authority, you will always be resented. So if resentment is the basis of one's relationship, it can never be beautiful. It has to become ugly after sometime. Above all it stagnates a society. I think it's good that you mentioned this, because China is a clearly example of a great culture becoming stagnant over a period of time, and going down completely. Now once again, you came up, not because of you became obedient, you came up because of a revolution. A revolution means the young generations started doing something that their parents never imagined possible."